README.md, before:

# LeetCode  
## Solutions of leetcode problems

 
|Problem                      | Solution|
| :-----------:               | :--------: | 
|[20.Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)| [code](/source/_20_valid_parentheses.cpp)
|[231.Power of two](https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-two/)| [code](/source/_231_power_of_two.cpp)|
|[239.Sliding Window Maximun](https://leetcode.com/problems/sliding-windo-maximum/)| [code](/source/_239_sliding_window_maximum.cpp)|
|[369.Valid Perfect Square](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-perfect-squar/)| [code](/source/_367_Valid_perfect_squar.cpp)|
|[735.Asteroid Collision](https://leetcode.com/problems/asteroid-collision/)| [code](/source/_735_asteroid_collision.cpp_)|
|[1047.Remove All Adjacent](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string/)| [code](/source/_1047_remove_all_adjacent_duplicates_in_string.cpp)|
|[121.Best time to buy and sell stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)| [code](/source/best_time_to_buy_and_sell_stock.cpp)|
|[704.Binary Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/)| [code](/source/BinarySearch.cpp)|
|[575.Distribute-candies](https://leetcode.com/problems/distribute-candies/)| [code](/source/distribute_candies.cpp)|
|[217.Contains Dublicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)| [code](/source/contains_duplicate.cpp)|
|[150.Evalutate Reverse Polish Notation](https://leetcode.com/problems/evaluate-reverse-polish-notation/)| [code](/source/evaluate_reverse_polish_notaion.cpp)|
|[1394.Find Lucky Integer In an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-lucky-integer-in-an-array/)| [code](/source/find_lucky_int_in_an_array.cpp)|
|[389.Find The difference](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-difference/)| [code](/source/find_the_difference.cpp)|
|[1732.Find the highest altituse](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-highest-altitude/)| [code](/source/find_the_hightst_altitude.cpp)|
|[202.Happy Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number/)| [code](/source/happy_number.cpp)|
|[1365.How Many Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number/)| [code](/source/how_many_num_are_smaller_than_the_current_numbers.cpp)|
|[349.Intersection of two arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays/)| [code](/source/insertion_of_two_arrays.cpp)|
|[53.Maximum suparray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)| [code](/source/maximum_suparray.cpp)|
|[268.Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/)| [code](/source/missing_number.cpp)|
|[1450.Number of Students Doing Homewor](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-students-doing-homework-at-a-given-time/)| [code](/source/number_of_stu_doing_homwork.cpp)|
|[118.Pascals Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/)| [code](/source/Pascal_Triangle.cpp)|
|[66.Plus one](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/)| [code](/source/plus_one.cpp)|
|[206.Reverse Liked list](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)| [code](/source/reverse_linked_list.cpp)|
|[344.Reverse String](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/)| [code](/source/Reverse_string.cpp)|
|[136.Single Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/)| [code](/source/single_number.cpp)|
|[2413.Smallest Even Multiple](https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-even-multiple/)| [code](/source/smallest_even_multiple.cpp)|
|[1.Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)| [code](/source/tow_sum.cpp)|
|[1480.Running Sum of 1D array](https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array)| [code](/source/_1480_Runing_sum_of_oneD_array.cpp)|
|[1089.Duplicate Zeros](https://leetcode.com/problems/duplicate-zeros/)| [code](/source/_1089_duplicate_zeros.cpp)|
|[771.Jewels and Stons](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/)| [code](/source/_771_jewels_and_stons.cpp)|
|[1290.Convert Binary In a linked list To decimal](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-binary-number-in-a-linked-list-to-integer/)| [code](/source/_1290_Conver_binary_into_decimal.cpp)|
|[21.Merge Two Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)| [code](/source/_21_Merge_Two_sorted_list.cpp)|
|[387.First unique character in string](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-unique-character-in-a-string/)| [code](/source/_387_first_unique_character_in_string.cpp)|
|[1108.Defanging an ip address](https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/)| [code](/source/_1108_Defanging_an_ip_address.cpp)|
|[383.Ransom Note](https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note/)| [code](/source/_383_Ransom_note.cpp)|
|[500.Keyboard Row](https://leetcode.com/problems/keyboard-row/)| [code](/source/_500_keyboard_row.cpp)|
|[876.Middle of the linked list](https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/)| [code](/source/_876_middle_of_the_linked_list.cpp)|
|[292.Nim Game](https://leetcode.com/problems/nim-game/)| [code](/source/_292_nim_game.cpp)| 
|[50.Power(x,n)](https://leetcode.com/problems/powx-n/)| [code](/source/_50_power_x_n.cpp)| 
|[856.score of parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/score-of-parentheses/)| [code](/source/_856_score_of_parentheses.cpp)| 
|[1346.Check If N and Its Double Exist](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-n-and-its-double-exist/)| [code](/source/_1346_check_if_n_and_its_double_exist.cpp)| 
|[1346.Check If N and Its Double Exist](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-n-and-its-double-exist/)| [code](/source/_1346_check_if_n_and_its_double_exist.cpp)| 
|[520.Detect Capital](https://leetcode.com/problems/detect-capital)| [code](/source/_520_Detect_capital.cpp)| 
|[74.Search 2D matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix/)| [code](/source/_74_search_a_2D_matrix.cpp)| 
|[1636.sorting array by increasing frequency](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-array-by-increasing-frequency/)| [code](/source/_1636_sorting_array_by_increasing_freq.cpp)| 
|[94.Binary Tree inorder traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-inorder-traversal/)| [code](/source/_94_binary_tree_inorder_traversal.cpp)| 
|[104.Maximum Depth Of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/)| [code](/source/_104_maximum_Depth_of_binary_tree.cpp)| 
|[441.Arranging coins](https://leetcode.com/problems/arranging-coins/)| [code](/source/_441_Arranging_coins.cpp)| 
|[2396.Strictly palandiromic number](https://leetcode.com/problems/strictly-palindromic-number/)| [code](/source/_2396_Strictly_palandiromic_number.cpp)| 
|[283. Move Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/)| [code](/source/_283_Move_Zeroes.cpp)| 
|[229.Majority Element II](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element-ii/)| [code](/source/_229_Majority_element.cpp)| 
|[34. Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/)| [code](/source/_34_find_first_and_last_element_in_sortedArray.cpp)| 
|[144. Binary Tree Preorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-preorder-traversal/)| [code](/source/_144_Binary_tree_preorder_traversal.cpp)| 
|[145. Binary Tree postorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-postorder-traversal/)| [code](/source/_145_binary_tree_postorder_traversal.cpp)| 
|[102. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/)| [code](/source/_102_level_order_traversal.cpp)| 
|[103. Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal/)| [code](/source/_103_binary_tree_zigzag_level_order_travesal.cpp)| 
|[107. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii/)| [code](/source/_107_Binary_tree_level_order_traversal_II.cpp)| 
|[100.Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)| [code](/source/_100_same_tree.cpp)| 
|[101.Symmetirc Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/)| [code](/source/_101_Symmetric_tree.cpp)| 
|[1470. Shuffle the Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-the-array/)| [code](/source/_1470_Shuffle_the_array.cpp)| 
|[543. Diameter of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree/)| [code](/source/_543_Diameter_of_Binary_tree.cpp)| 
|[111.Minimum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-depth-of-binary-tree/)| [code](/source/_111_minimum_depth_of_binary_tree.cpp)| 
|[344.Reverse string](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/)| [code](/source/_344_reverse_string_recusivly.cpp)| 
|[110.Balanced Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree/)| [code](/source/_110_Balanced_tree.cpp)|
|[896. Monotonic Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/monotonic-array/)| [code](/source/_896_Monotonic_array.cpp)|
|[989. Add to Array-Form of Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-to-array-form-of-integer/)| [code](/source/_989_Add_To_Array_form_of_integer.cpp)|
|[958. Check Completeness of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-completeness-of-a-binary-tree/)| [code](/source/_958_Check%20Completeness%20of%20a%20Binary%20Tree.cpp)|
|[1367. Linked List in Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-in-binary-tree/)| [code](/source/_1367_Linked%20List%20in%20Binary%20Tree.cpp)|
|[90. Valid Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/validate-binary-search-tree/)| [code](/source/_90_valid_Binary_Search_Tree.cpp)|
|[783. Minimum Distance Between BST Nodes](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes/)| [code](/source/_783_%20Minimum%20Distance%20Between%20BST%20Nodes.cpp)|
|[226. Invert Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/)| [code](/source/_226_.%20Invert%20Binary%20Tree.cpp)|
|[58. Length of Last Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/)| [code](/source/_58_%20Length%20of%20Last%20Word.cpp)|
|[48. Rotate Image](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/)| [code](/source/_48_Rotate%20Image.cpp)|
|[35. Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/)| [code](/source/_35_Search%20Insert%20Position.cpp)|
|[540. Single Element in a Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-element-in-a-sorted-array/)| [code](/source/_540_Single%20Element%20in%20a%20Sorted%20Array.cpp)|
|[1011. Capacity To Ship Packages Within D Days](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-element-in-a-sorted-array/)| [code](/source/_1011_Capacity%20To%20Ship%20Packages%20Within%20D%20Days.cpp)|
|[67. Add Binary](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/)| [code](/source/_67_Add%20Binary.cpp)|
|[502. IPO](https://leetcode.com/problems/ipo/)| [code](/source/_502_IPO.cpp)|
|[1675. Minimize Deviation in Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimize-deviation-in-array/)| [code](/source/_1675_Minimize%20Deviation%20in%20Array.cpp)|
|[438. Find All Anagrams in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-anagrams-in-a-string/)| [code](/source/_438_Find%20All%20Anagrams%20in%20a%20String.cpp)|
|[72. Edit Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/edit-distance/)| [code](/source/_72_Edit%20Distance.cpp)|
|[445. Add Two Numbers II](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers-ii/)|[code](/source/_445_Add%20Two%20Numbers%20II.cpp)|
|[415.Add Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-strings/)| [code](/source/add_strings.cpp)|
|[860. Lemonade Change](https://leetcode.com/problems/lemonade-change/)| [code](/source/_860_Lemonade%20Change.cpp)|
|[341. Flatten Nested List Iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-nested-list-iterator/)| [code](/source/_341_Flatten%20Nested%20List%20Iterator.cpp)|

## My Leetcode [Account](https://leetcode.com/Mohamed_AboElNasr/)

Commit message:

solution of 28. Find the Index of the First Occurrence in a String

README.md, after:

# LeetCode  
## Solutions of leetcode problems

 
|Problem                      | Solution|
| :-----------:               | :--------: | 
|[20.Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)| [code](/source/_20_valid_parentheses.cpp)
|[231.Power of two](https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-two/)| [code](/source/_231_power_of_two.cpp)|
|[239.Sliding Window Maximun](https://leetcode.com/problems/sliding-windo-maximum/)| [code](/source/_239_sliding_window_maximum.cpp)|
|[369.Valid Perfect Square](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-perfect-squar/)| [code](/source/_367_Valid_perfect_squar.cpp)|
|[735.Asteroid Collision](https://leetcode.com/problems/asteroid-collision/)| [code](/source/_735_asteroid_collision.cpp_)|
|[1047.Remove All Adjacent](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string/)| [code](/source/_1047_remove_all_adjacent_duplicates_in_string.cpp)|
|[121.Best time to buy and sell stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)| [code](/source/best_time_to_buy_and_sell_stock.cpp)|
|[704.Binary Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/)| [code](/source/BinarySearch.cpp)|
|[575.Distribute-candies](https://leetcode.com/problems/distribute-candies/)| [code](/source/distribute_candies.cpp)|
|[217.Contains Dublicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)| [code](/source/contains_duplicate.cpp)|
|[150.Evalutate Reverse Polish Notation](https://leetcode.com/problems/evaluate-reverse-polish-notation/)| [code](/source/evaluate_reverse_polish_notaion.cpp)|
|[1394.Find Lucky Integer In an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-lucky-integer-in-an-array/)| [code](/source/find_lucky_int_in_an_array.cpp)|
|[389.Find The difference](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-difference/)| [code](/source/find_the_difference.cpp)|
|[1732.Find the highest altituse](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-highest-altitude/)| [code](/source/find_the_hightst_altitude.cpp)|
|[202.Happy Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number/)| [code](/source/happy_number.cpp)|
|[1365.How Many Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number/)| [code](/source/how_many_num_are_smaller_than_the_current_numbers.cpp)|
|[349.Intersection of two arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays/)| [code](/source/insertion_of_two_arrays.cpp)|
|[53.Maximum suparray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)| [code](/source/maximum_suparray.cpp)|
|[268.Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/)| [code](/source/missing_number.cpp)|
|[1450.Number of Students Doing Homewor](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-students-doing-homework-at-a-given-time/)| [code](/source/number_of_stu_doing_homwork.cpp)|
|[118.Pascals Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/)| [code](/source/Pascal_Triangle.cpp)|
|[66.Plus one](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/)| [code](/source/plus_one.cpp)|
|[206.Reverse Liked list](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)| [code](/source/reverse_linked_list.cpp)|
|[344.Reverse String](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/)| [code](/source/Reverse_string.cpp)|
|[136.Single Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/)| [code](/source/single_number.cpp)|
|[2413.Smallest Even Multiple](https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-even-multiple/)| [code](/source/smallest_even_multiple.cpp)|
|[1.Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)| [code](/source/tow_sum.cpp)|
|[1480.Running Sum of 1D array](https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array)| [code](/source/_1480_Runing_sum_of_oneD_array.cpp)|
|[1089.Duplicate Zeros](https://leetcode.com/problems/duplicate-zeros/)| [code](/source/_1089_duplicate_zeros.cpp)|
|[771.Jewels and Stons](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/)| [code](/source/_771_jewels_and_stons.cpp)|
|[1290.Convert Binary In a linked list To decimal](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-binary-number-in-a-linked-list-to-integer/)| [code](/source/_1290_Conver_binary_into_decimal.cpp)|
|[21.Merge Two Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)| [code](/source/_21_Merge_Two_sorted_list.cpp)|
|[387.First unique character in string](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-unique-character-in-a-string/)| [code](/source/_387_first_unique_character_in_string.cpp)|
|[1108.Defanging an ip address](https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/)| [code](/source/_1108_Defanging_an_ip_address.cpp)|
|[383.Ransom Note](https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note/)| [code](/source/_383_Ransom_note.cpp)|
|[500.Keyboard Row](https://leetcode.com/problems/keyboard-row/)| [code](/source/_500_keyboard_row.cpp)|
|[876.Middle of the linked list](https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/)| [code](/source/_876_middle_of_the_linked_list.cpp)|
|[292.Nim Game](https://leetcode.com/problems/nim-game/)| [code](/source/_292_nim_game.cpp)| 
|[50.Power(x,n)](https://leetcode.com/problems/powx-n/)| [code](/source/_50_power_x_n.cpp)| 
|[856.score of parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/score-of-parentheses/)| [code](/source/_856_score_of_parentheses.cpp)| 
|[1346.Check If N and Its Double Exist](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-n-and-its-double-exist/)| [code](/source/_1346_check_if_n_and_its_double_exist.cpp)| 
|[1346.Check If N and Its Double Exist](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-n-and-its-double-exist/)| [code](/source/_1346_check_if_n_and_its_double_exist.cpp)| 
|[520.Detect Capital](https://leetcode.com/problems/detect-capital)| [code](/source/_520_Detect_capital.cpp)| 
|[74.Search 2D matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix/)| [code](/source/_74_search_a_2D_matrix.cpp)| 
|[1636.sorting array by increasing frequency](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-array-by-increasing-frequency/)| [code](/source/_1636_sorting_array_by_increasing_freq.cpp)| 
|[94.Binary Tree inorder traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-inorder-traversal/)| [code](/source/_94_binary_tree_inorder_traversal.cpp)| 
|[104.Maximum Depth Of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/)| [code](/source/_104_maximum_Depth_of_binary_tree.cpp)| 
|[441.Arranging coins](https://leetcode.com/problems/arranging-coins/)| [code](/source/_441_Arranging_coins.cpp)| 
|[2396.Strictly palandiromic number](https://leetcode.com/problems/strictly-palindromic-number/)| [code](/source/_2396_Strictly_palandiromic_number.cpp)| 
|[283. Move Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/)| [code](/source/_283_Move_Zeroes.cpp)| 
|[229.Majority Element II](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element-ii/)| [code](/source/_229_Majority_element.cpp)| 
|[34. Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/)| [code](/source/_34_find_first_and_last_element_in_sortedArray.cpp)| 
|[144. Binary Tree Preorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-preorder-traversal/)| [code](/source/_144_Binary_tree_preorder_traversal.cpp)| 
|[145. Binary Tree postorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-postorder-traversal/)| [code](/source/_145_binary_tree_postorder_traversal.cpp)| 
|[102. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/)| [code](/source/_102_level_order_traversal.cpp)| 
|[103. Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal/)| [code](/source/_103_binary_tree_zigzag_level_order_travesal.cpp)| 
|[107. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii/)| [code](/source/_107_Binary_tree_level_order_traversal_II.cpp)| 
|[100.Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)| [code](/source/_100_same_tree.cpp)| 
|[101.Symmetirc Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/)| [code](/source/_101_Symmetric_tree.cpp)| 
|[1470. Shuffle the Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-the-array/)| [code](/source/_1470_Shuffle_the_array.cpp)| 
|[543. Diameter of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree/)| [code](/source/_543_Diameter_of_Binary_tree.cpp)| 
|[111.Minimum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-depth-of-binary-tree/)| [code](/source/_111_minimum_depth_of_binary_tree.cpp)| 
|[344.Reverse string](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/)| [code](/source/_344_reverse_string_recusivly.cpp)| 
|[110.Balanced Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree/)| [code](/source/_110_Balanced_tree.cpp)|
|[896. Monotonic Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/monotonic-array/)| [code](/source/_896_Monotonic_array.cpp)|
|[989. Add to Array-Form of Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-to-array-form-of-integer/)| [code](/source/_989_Add_To_Array_form_of_integer.cpp)|
|[958. Check Completeness of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-completeness-of-a-binary-tree/)| [code](/source/_958_Check%20Completeness%20of%20a%20Binary%20Tree.cpp)|
|[1367. Linked List in Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-in-binary-tree/)| [code](/source/_1367_Linked%20List%20in%20Binary%20Tree.cpp)|
|[90. Valid Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/validate-binary-search-tree/)| [code](/source/_90_valid_Binary_Search_Tree.cpp)|
|[783. Minimum Distance Between BST Nodes](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes/)| [code](/source/_783_%20Minimum%20Distance%20Between%20BST%20Nodes.cpp)|
|[226. Invert Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/)| [code](/source/_226_.%20Invert%20Binary%20Tree.cpp)|
|[58. Length of Last Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/)| [code](/source/_58_%20Length%20of%20Last%20Word.cpp)|
|[48. Rotate Image](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/)| [code](/source/_48_Rotate%20Image.cpp)|
|[35. Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/)| [code](/source/_35_Search%20Insert%20Position.cpp)|
|[540. Single Element in a Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-element-in-a-sorted-array/)| [code](/source/_540_Single%20Element%20in%20a%20Sorted%20Array.cpp)|
|[1011. Capacity To Ship Packages Within D Days](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-element-in-a-sorted-array/)| [code](/source/_1011_Capacity%20To%20Ship%20Packages%20Within%20D%20Days.cpp)|
|[67. Add Binary](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/)| [code](/source/_67_Add%20Binary.cpp)|
|[502. IPO](https://leetcode.com/problems/ipo/)| [code](/source/_502_IPO.cpp)|
|[1675. Minimize Deviation in Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimize-deviation-in-array/)| [code](/source/_1675_Minimize%20Deviation%20in%20Array.cpp)|
|[438. Find All Anagrams in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-anagrams-in-a-string/)| [code](/source/_438_Find%20All%20Anagrams%20in%20a%20String.cpp)|
|[72. Edit Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/edit-distance/)| [code](/source/_72_Edit%20Distance.cpp)|
|[445. Add Two Numbers II](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers-ii/)|[code](/source/_445_Add%20Two%20Numbers%20II.cpp)|
|[415.Add Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-strings/)| [code](/source/add_strings.cpp)|
|[860. Lemonade Change](https://leetcode.com/problems/lemonade-change/)| [code](/source/_860_Lemonade%20Change.cpp)|
|[341. Flatten Nested List Iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-nested-list-iterator/)| [code](/source/_341_Flatten%20Nested%20List%20Iterator.cpp)|
|[28. Find the Index of the First Occurrence in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string/)| [code](/source/_28_Find%20the%20Index%20of%20the%20First%20Occurrence%20in%20a%20String.cpp)|

## My Leetcode [Account](https://leetcode.com/Mohamed_AboElNasr/)
